# Guess a number problem

## Problem
The following program randomly generates an integer greater than or equal to 0 and less than 100. The program then prompts the user to guess the number. If the user guesses the number correctly, the program outputs an appropriate message. Otherwise, the program checks whether the guessed number is less than the random number. If the guessed number is less than the random the number generated by the program, the program outputs the message, ‘‘Your guess is lower than the number’’; otherwise, the program outputs the message, ‘‘Your guess is higher than the number’’. The program then prompts the user to enter another number. The user is prompted to guess the random number until the user enters the correct number. The program uses the method random of the class Math to generate a random number.

## Inputs
The program requires the user to input a single number each time it is requested. The input is an integer between the range of 0 and 100, as the random number lays in this same range. The random number is generated with the aid of the Math class, so it is not an input, at least not one from the user. When the program finishes, the user is asked if he wants to restart the program or leave it, requiring a different input for this.

## Outputs
The program has to indicate to the user what he is supposed to do. This is made trough an output in the form of text in the console. When the program first starts, the program indicates the user what the program does, explaining that it generates a number between 0 and 100 and the user has to guess this number by typin one value at a time. Every time the user does a guess, the program has to indicate wether the user is right, said a greater number or a smaller number. For the last two casesm when the guess is not right, the program asks the user to enter a different value and then receives another number, repeating the cycle until the guess is correct.

When the user guesses the number correctly, the program asks the suer if he wants to restart, doing this by a text in the console and then taking the input.

## Variables
First, the program requires an integer variable to store the randomly generated number, and a second integer to store the number given by the user. A third integer is used to detect if the user wants or not to start the program again.

## Problem analysis

## Complete algorithm
1. Print a message explaing the user about the randon number, its range, and how he is supposed to guess its value.
2. Using the Math class, generate a random number, modify it so it lays bwetween 0 and 100, and store it in a integer.
3. Ask the user for a single whole number between 0 and 100, storing it in a second integer variable.
4. Compare the user input to the random number, and do the one that is true:
  - If the guessed number is less than the random number, it says ‘‘Your guess is lower than the number’’ to the user, and returns to step 4.
  - If the guessed number is less than the random number, it says ‘‘Your guess is greater than the number’’ to the user, and also returns to step 4.
  - If the guessed and random numbers are equal, the program outputs the message "Your guess is correct".
5. Ask the user if he wants to reset the program, using zero as a "no" and every other value as a "yes", and asks a third integer to do so.
6. If this value is equal to zero, the program is closed, but if it is not equal to zero, then it says to the user that a new random number was generated, and returns to step 2.
